Welcome back, guys.
We are going to do a guided lob creating a highly available environment for the fall of this academic
cloud.
Architecting a class in this lab, we have a current VPC with a public and a private subnet and with
an application server.
And we want to make it highly scalable and highly available with once the deployment, it's about 40
minutes to finish the lab.
So the first thing we need to do is to access the resource now.
So let me access the console.
As you can see, we need to go and see if we have the current VPC, which is the VPC that we need to
use for this lab.
So we have a of VPC in the subnet.
We have to love VPC as well.
With for subnet to public and to private.
And then we have an art gateway.
As you can see, but still impending because I just pushed the creation of the lab, maybe.
So we need now in.
The first thing we need to go and check as well.
After that we have well table.
And you can see those out there that are associated with the lab VPC.
So all we can see there is many things which are look good.
We can also look to the access list, network access list and based on step number 11.
We can see there is a network access list for the BBC with inbound trawl, all a traffic inbound and
all traffic outbound are allowed.
We want to check the security group.
We have an inventory app security group and a DB security group.
We want now to create an application load balancer.
So let us go to the easy to outline, the easy to create application load balancer.
Now, this load balancer will act in the public subnet.
Create a load balancer.
It's going to be an application when.
Now this is will be an inventory.
It'll be
it will be an internet facing IP before it will act or work in VPC.
In the face of it is done with public subnet one and in the second ability zone with public subnet two
and the security group, we need to select the current one and we select the security group and then
to the.
Actually, we need to create a new one.
So we need to create a new security group.
And we call it inventory help.
This is to enable access to the load balancer.
So we need to open port eight gate.
Now make sure here that the BBC is not the default, it is the VPC.
We need to add the role and this is will be and has to be a road port and this from anywhere IBP before.
And then create a security group.
Go back to the creation of the Lebanon site, refresh the page, and you should be able to see the new
inventory and make sure to select the default one.
And for listening and voting.
We need to create a new targeted group.
Now this target group will be based on the type instance and the group name is going to be the inventory
of the group.
It is in the PPC CTP.
And with Advanced Health Check, we want to choose.
Fans of Chick.
The threshold is going to be two.
For the health ritual if they're going to change this to to.
And the Internet.
Well, it's going to be 10 seconds because we want to get much more faster information.
And then we click next.
So we have the group treaty.
Then click on a create group.
Now in step 32, we know we need to return back to the creation of the load balancer page and refresh
using this icon.
And you should be able to see the target group and create.
The load balancer.
Now we can see the load balancer is created and this is the public DNS name of the load balancer.
The next thing, we are going to create an auto scaling group.
So that water skiing group will make sure to create more AC two in instances for the application server
in the private subnet.
So the first thing we need to do is from the AC to we need to create and I am.
Foreign observers action.
Create an image.
And that image should be called.
Web server am I?
And this is a lab I for the web server all you can call it a configuration said if you want just to
make sure that this is will be used mainly by the load balancer and I would love to create more machine
in the future.
Okay,
now we need to go back.
Once this AM is finished.
And available and we create a lunch configuration.
So we create lunch configuration and this is will be an inventory and see or lunch configuration.
Now hopefully by now the AMA is ready but still in the creation.
So we need to wait for a few minutes for the I to be ready.
Now I can see there my OC Dennison stove is going to be P3 may crop.
Which means it's going to be the the new one that we are going to use basically and lap.
We usually use T2.
Now seem to be T3, which is the third generation is the one we are going to basically use
for an a profile where we can select the infantry all.
And we need to expand the user data and into user data.
We will put.
This is correct.
Now we should select an existing security group.
And that security group will be there and then to up.
And the keypad is going to be four.
Key.
And there is.
And more information we need, which is.
We need to expand the advanced details and we add a scan of a user data to the lens configuration.
Here it is.
So that's the script.
We need to copy that script.
From Step 45 and we paste it here.
Now we need to select that launch configuration from the action menu.
We create an auto scaling group and that order scan group is going to be called Inventory ASG
and it will use the inventory LC.
It's going to be enlarged.
VPC In the first availability zone and the second availability zone.
A private subnet now IDC left by mistake public, so it lets me remove its private subnet in the first
that it is on and the private subnet in the second of it's on.
Then a click on next
we will attach it to the existing load balancer which is the inventory ah load balancer and the things
that we need to do for the check.
We want to make sure that the ILB do that and the grace period is going to be 90 seconds, about one
minute and a half and then addition and setting.
We need to have to decide.
And to a minimum and to a maximum.
Now the scaling policy, we choose none.
And with select next add notification.
We do it next year and for the tag we add name and for the name we need to select inventory.
Most of the time you will try to distinguish this and then we are going to create a security.
I was just getting a group and that the group is ready and we can see that this group started to be
active after we created.
But this is will take time because now it's updating the capacity.
So we need to wait for a few minutes because the minimum and the maximum here are two.
So we can't keep waiting or refreshing the lab.
But you can also go to the instances and see if there is any new instances start to appear here and
the servers and in your load balancer as well.
We can proceed now to task numbers.
Four.
And we update the security group.
So we need to select that.
And then the art security group.
And then from inbound it hit the inbound rules and the inbound rule.
We had the new one.
And this is going to be his step.
Now the custom is going to accept the traffic only from the load balancer.
So once you go custom and you type ASG, you could see the security group that we create.
So that's the inventory LP, the load balancer, the group.
Which accepts traffic only from the load balancer.
And we save the.
For the DB security group.
Now that DB security group, it needs to accept only the traffic from the application security group.
So we need to delete the existing one and we add a new my sequel, Aurora.
And the custom will be the inventor, the app security group.
And this is will accept the traffic only from the application servers.
And we set of rules.
Now we can test the application, we can go to the instances and see if there is any permission happening
or new instances appearing here.
And now we can copy the load balancer public DNS name.
And we basically test that.
We can see the application which normally take a few minutes, guys, to give us a crack at performance.
You can see the inventory app is ready and the testing is successful.
You could also go to the target group and your load balancer and check.
And you can see these are both healthy in a sense is that we have.
We can also attest to the Amazon 82 console and we basically terminate the application and go back and
do that.
From instances the observers will try to stop.
Terminate.
Let us select one of the inventory application and we terminated this well and we want to test that
the auto scanner will be able to replace it with any new instance.
Now in Optional Task one, we need to make the ADRs highly available.
So for that we need to create a multi easy deployment.
So let us go to the this.
And from the of we want to.
Modify it and create a multi-agency deployment.
So currently it is not among the easy.
Because it's only operate in US East.
One could also look to the configuration here and in the configuration you get more details about the
DB and as you can see, a multi easy is no go to the modify.
And from the fight we will go to the availability and the durability and we will select.
To create a stand by not.
And this is the dbi will be.
In our case, it will be DB three.
DB .3. small and a set of micro.
And allocated to storage will be.
Ten instead of 2010.
Innocent five.
And select, continue and then select apply immediately and then modify.
So this is now we'll take action to modify the artist.
And the artist now will create a stand by note.
Now then that gateway that we used before.
It hasn't only nots gateway and public subnet twin and if X is on when fails, we want to make sure
that our gateway is highly available.
So we need to go to the VPC.
And from the VPC, we go to the Nat Gateway.
And we select and create, communicate with.
We will select a public subnet to.
And this is going to be public and allocate an elastic IP.
And then create.
And a gateway.
In a private roundtable.
Two.
Let's go to the roundtable and a private roundtable.
Which is this about table?
Or create a new table.
Sorry.
And this will be contemplated throughout table two and this is will be in the lab we see and create.
And in this round table, we need to.
Go to the results of that roundtable, and you can see that it's only one crowd.
So let us add another out for the fine arts gateway that we just created.
Now.
Maybe it will be much better if you go back to your VPC from another tab and just check that gateway
ID.
The new one, which is a52, could copy it here.
And let me see if I can see this 152.
Yes.
And see changes.
In the subnet association.
Now we need to edit the subnet association.
We select also private subnet two to be associated with this.
In you, our table within you, that gateway that we choose could go back, double check.
You can see now the application load balancer still working from AC two.
I could see on maintaining the number of inventory app and the one I terminated just replaced by a new
one.
And that will be all for the slam.
You can submit it and thank you for saying this with you.